In this section, we'll review the resources,
parameters, and outputs from the AuroraStack as a recap.
On this slide shows some of the resources created,
viewed within the Amazon CloudFormation Designer,
and on the right you'll see a partial list of some of
the resources that were created.
They include an Amazon EC2 gateway attachment,
an Amazon Aurora Relational Database cluster,
an Amazon Aurora Relational Database instance,
an Amazon EC2 security group, an Amazon EC2 security ingress,
which is used with CloudFormation to specify an
inbound rule for a security group,
an inbound rule permits instances to receive traffic from the
specified IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR address range,
or from the instances associated with the specified security group,
an Amazon Aurora Relational Database subnet group,
an Amazon public EC2 route, an Amazon EC2 route table,
2 Amazon EC2 subnets, 2 Amazon EC2 subnet route table associations,
an Amazon S3 endpoint, an Amazon EC2 virtual private cloud,
and an Amazon internet gateway.
The AuroraStack created all of the resources listed in the screenshot.
It's more than you'd see in the diagram because many
of these are supporting services.
These are the AuroraStack's parameter values that we supplied to
Amazon CloudFormation during stack creation.
They include an Amazon AuroraDBPassword,
an Amazon AuroraDBUsername,
you looked up your IP address to the create stack
configuration for our AuroraStack, a virtual private cloud CIDR Block,
and two virtual private cloud public subnets.
The outputs listed here can be used as input values
into other CloudFormation scripts,
and we'll be doing just that when we build the Glue stack.
The following are the AuroraStack's outputs,
an Amazon Aurora VPCID, an Amazon AuroraSubnetID,
the default Amazon AuroraMySQLPORT of 3306,
an Amazon AuroraClusterEndPoint, an Amazon AuroraDBPassword,
the availability zone that our Amazon Aurora subnet will use,
the Amazon AuroraClusterUserName, the Amazon AuroraSecurityGroup,
and the JDBCConnectionString.
Looking at all of these resources,
you can see the benefits of using CloudFormation to
build your infrastructure architecture.
It would have taken us forever to manually configure these. In the next module, I'll cover the power of AWS Glue in detail.